README.md, before:

# baker, the real static blog generator in bash

![baker](http://i.imgur.com/Tngl5Vv.png)

- [x] Template
- [x] Markdown
- [x] Draft
- [ ] Video/Audio (ffmpeg)
- [ ] Tag
- [ ] RSS

## Start your first post

1. Give it a title: `./baker post I love pizza so much!` This command will create a markdown file that has the slug `i-love-pizza-so-much` in the `post` directory. If the `$EDITOR` environment variable is set, it will open up the post markdown file with the editor.

2. Change `draft` from `true` to `false` to publish the post.

3. Bake all posts: `./baker bake`

## Template redesigned

The new template engine is much faster (and smaller) than the previous version. It now uses bash's scope as its context.

### variable

Variable identifier should only use `[A-Za-z_]`. Notice that any number is not allowed in a variable name.

```
{{ var }}

{{ content }} # embed child layout output
```

### if

Notice that spaces are not allowed between `!` and `var`.

```
@if !var
	...
@end
```

### each

`@each` iterates an array. This is why a number is not allowed in a variable name.

For example,

```
posts = [
	{
		"title": "first",
		"content": "example1",
	},
	{
		"title": "second",
		"content": "example2",
	},
]
```

is encoded as:

```
posts_0_title=first
posts_0_content=example1

posts_1_title=second
posts_1_content=example2
```

```
@each posts
	{{ title }} - {{ content }}
@end
```

### include

`@include` includes a partial from `$LAYOUT_DIR/$filename.md`. Notice that `.md` is already added.

```
@include filename
```

### cmd

`@cmd` gets stdout from embedded bash script.

```
@cmd

for i in {1..10}; do
	echo "$i"
done

@end
```

## Markdown

It currently uses the implementation from [Daring Fireball](http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/).

## License

This software is made by taylorchu, and is released under GPL2.

Commit message:

Adding info about toggle in the README

README.md, after:

# baker, the real static blog generator in bash

![baker](http://i.imgur.com/Tngl5Vv.png)

- [x] Template
- [x] Markdown
- [x] Draft
- [ ] Video/Audio (ffmpeg)
- [ ] Tag
- [ ] RSS

## Start your first post

1. Give it a title: `./baker post I love pizza so much!` This command will create a markdown file that has the slug `i-love-pizza-so-much` in the `post` directory. If the `$EDITOR` environment variable is set, it will open up the post markdown file with the editor.

2. Change `draft` from `true` to `false` to publish the post (or use the `bake toggle id`).

3. Bake all posts: `./baker bake`

## Template redesigned

The new template engine is much faster (and smaller) than the previous version. It now uses bash's scope as its context.

### variable

Variable identifier should only use `[A-Za-z_]`. Notice that any number is not allowed in a variable name.

```
{{ var }}

{{ content }} # embed child layout output
```

### if

Notice that spaces are not allowed between `!` and `var`.

```
@if !var
	...
@end
```

### each

`@each` iterates an array. This is why a number is not allowed in a variable name.

For example,

```
posts = [
	{
		"title": "first",
		"content": "example1",
	},
	{
		"title": "second",
		"content": "example2",
	},
]
```

is encoded as:

```
posts_0_title=first
posts_0_content=example1

posts_1_title=second
posts_1_content=example2
```

```
@each posts
	{{ title }} - {{ content }}
@end
```

### include

`@include` includes a partial from `$LAYOUT_DIR/$filename.md`. Notice that `.md` is already added.

```
@include filename
```

### cmd

`@cmd` gets stdout from embedded bash script.

```
@cmd

for i in {1..10}; do
	echo "$i"
done

@end
```

## Markdown

It currently uses the implementation from [Daring Fireball](http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/).

## License

This software is made by taylorchu, and is released under GPL2.
